The Apocalypse Mod is a giant comprehensive mod that involves the addition of nearly 100 categories of events, hundreds of items, nine super weather, and a brand new game character.
It also adds five brand new maps to the game: Shallow Seas and Flower Seas, Skeleton Ship, Deep Seas, Hurricane Seas, and four boss-level antagonistic creatures.
The game's weather system has been largely rebuilt and unique random events and new items have been added for each weather.
These items and events are composed of and triggered by a total of nine current Super Weather.

Mod Gameplay
The game unlocks the trait talent: Apocalypse, which must be added to play the mod.
At the beginning of the game, the player will be equipped with the item Apocalypse, which the player must carry with them.
Apocalypse equipment does not take up any of the regular equipment columns, and is considered extra equipment that can be actively used to equip the Apocalypse to summon a random Super Weather.
You can also use human food and various meats to replenish the durability of the apocalypse. The Apocalypse Necklace itself will restore durability over time.
The Apocalypse equipment currently triggers once every three days, generating a random weather out of the nine Super Weather types, as well as bringing about a large number of events.
Currently, there are nine types of weather: volcanic eruptions, thunderstorms, rainbows, geese flying south, shark tornadoes, blizzards, pollen seasons, blood moons, and meteor showers.
Each of the nine weather events has its own characteristics and will bring a large number of random events to the player. Each event has its own pros and cons, so players can get through them according to their own conditions and choices.

If you are playing Apocalypse for the first time, then we recommend using the character added by Apocalypse: Lola Klaufen.
This character has better initial equipment than the regular characters, and has a storyline and mission objectives that are specific to Lola. It will help you familiarize yourself with the mechanics of the apocalypse.
If you wish to be able to use Lola Klaufen, slide down in the game's characters after entering the game to find her.

Apocalypse encourages players to explore this new world on their own, with each weather having unique events, each with different effects and choices.
If you wish to fully understand the mechanics of the Apocalypse, the contents of each.
You can type https://cswiki.uuppi.com/wiki/#!mod_tq.md into your browser to log into the Card Survival Encyclopedia, where you can learn everything about Card Survival.
It is recommended that you enter to learn more about it after having a full apocalypse experience.


